I can stuff it out it my name is Pat
Chilton today I'm going to give you a
little shell of an a5 sportback you
should take a little bit more about out
in themselves and what we've got to
offer at the moment it's 95 sportback
this particular model is a 2-liter
diesel it's an XC spec has been fitted
with an Audi approved body styling kit
as you can see we've got rear boot
spoiler maintenance titanium alloys in
25 arm alloys would take you around to
the back of the vehicle to see the Audi
sports really cues are there this has
also got rear parking sensors put to the
side of the vehicle
you can see that the side skirts are
faceted s-line body kits is wrong
to run for the vehicle see the car has
daytime running lights it also has a
full skirt as parts of the body fit on
their particular model is an standard
see it's got an optional extra of a mi
which is an article connection or USB
connection scituate single box
just that
11 to standard on the vehicle
some time back
the new to the a5 sportback these it's
got a styling of the a5 to pay five
doors fantastic boot space is split
folding rear seat and there's a 2+2
to into the driver's side of the vehicle
you've got let your windows
and electric operated door mirrors this
court vehicle has done 61 man as a
single CD player an SD card reader for
all your music that also has already
stopped start technology it's a
fantastic system which will reduce
emissions and reduce your and tax as
well
this town all our vehicles can be viewed
at www.stampingmadly.com UK or you can
shot myself on 1 785 250 444 thank
you very much